Online lab

Start with the code in ~mike.noel/classes/cs260/students/onlinelabs/lab02. You
will want to copy the files into a directory of your own.

File supplied.o contains code that can build, display, duplicate, and destroy
a doubly linked list. 

For this lab, you will need to write the following functions in dlist.cpp,
add function prototypes for them to dlist.h and invoke the functions in
main.cpp. You should label the output of your test, such as "the list after
removal:" etc.

	  void printNth(node * head,int n)        

	  Recursively traverse the list and print out the value of the nth
	  node. If n is greater than the length of the list, print the last
	  element. 

	  void insertAtN(node *& head,int n,int value)    

	  Recursively insert a new node with value "value" at location n. If n
	  is greater than the length of the list, insert at the end.

You must use the functions with these exact function prototypes. Use the
supplied makefile for the project to build it. Please don't forget the
supplied.o when generating the executable.

Run your program in valgrind and make sure there are no memory leaks. Assuming
the executable file is named main you can use the following command to check
for leaks:

valgrind --tool=memcheck --leak-check=full ./main

For lab submission, use the 'turnin' program to turnin the dlist.cpp,
dlist.h, and main.cpp files (you can run it three times, as below, or put all
the files in a zip and run it once).

tar cvf lab02.tar dlist.h dlist.cpp main.cpp
~mike.noel/bin/turnin submit prof=mike.noel course=cs260 lab02.tar

If you do not turn in ALL of your source files or if I'm unable to compile the
code you submit then you will receive a very low score.

The grading criteria are:

5pts The program compiles
3pts The program runs without crashing or hanging
2pts No memory errors or memory leaks
5pts Correct functionality (2pts for printNth, 3pts for insertAtN)
5pts Recursive implementation (2pts for printNth, 3pts for insertAtN)

You can get partial credit so be sure to turn in whatever you have by the end
of the lab period.


 

